Added expiration days (if declared) to Apiary S3 bucket (#145)
ExpediaGroup/apiary-data-lake: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [5.1.1] - 2020-03-19

Reviewer: This is new functionality, not a bug fix, so should be `5.2.0`.

Reviewer: And it is now `2020-03-20`

> ## [5.2.0] - 2020-03-20

Reviewer 2: The date will need updating obviously, rest looks good.

> ## [5.2.0] - 2020-03-20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [5.2.0] - 2020-03-23
```

### Added
- Property `s3_object_expiration_days` to `apiary_managed_schemas`, which sets number of days after which objects in the Apiary S3 buckets expire

> - Documentation in `VARIABLES.md` for `s3_object_expiration_days` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation in `VARIABLES.md` for the `apiary_managed_schemas` variable.
```
